.\"
.TH arc2warc "09/01/2008"
.nh
.ad l
.SH "NOM"
arc2warc \- converts an ARC file into a WARC file

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 3
\fBarc2warc\fR   \fB-a  \fIfile.arc  \fB-f  \fIfile.warc [ -c ] [ -t \fIworking_dir\fP ] 

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBarc2warc\fR
creates a new \fBWARC\fR file initially empty, looks down the records of the \fBARC\fR file one by one,
extracts current \fBARC record\fR, converts it into a \fBWARC Record\fR and stores this last one in a \fBWARC\fR file.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
The options for the command
\fBarc2warc\fR
are\ :
.PP
\fB\-a\fR 
.RS 4
This option is mandatory when we use arc2warc. It is used to indicate the name of the \fBARC\fR file to
convert.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-f\fR 
.RS 4
This option is mandatory. It must be followed by the name of the output \fBWARC\fR file.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-c\fR 
.RS 4
This option is optional. If you use -c, the resulting \fBWARC\fR file is generated compressed following the
gzip format. By default, the \fBWARC\fR file is not generated commpressed. The \fBWARC\fR file mode of
compression is independent of \fBARC\fR file mode of compression, the user has to choose the method of
compression.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-t\fR 
.RS 4
This option is optional it allows to give the application work directory for temporary files creation. By
default worker directory is the current one.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
$ arc2warc -a file.arc -f file.warc -t /tmp/
.RE
.PP
.RS 5
The conversion of an ARC file into an uncompressed WARC file.
.RE
.PP
$ arc2warc -a file.arc -f file.warc -t /tmp/ -c
.RE
.PP
.RS 5
The conversion of an ARC file into a compressed WARC file.
