.\"
.TH warcfilter " 09/01/2008 "
.nh
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
warcfilter \-    filters WARC Record based on Uri, content type or record type.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 3
\fBwarcfilter\fR   \fB-f \fIfile.warc [-u \fIuri\fP] [-m \fImime\fP] [-r \fIrtype\fP]
             [-v] [-t \fIworking_dir\fP]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBwarcfilter\fR
lists like warcdump the headers fields of WARC Records present in a WARC file but only
those that are corresponding to the filter value. The filter can be used on the WARC-Subject-Uri field (if
existing), on the Content-Type field or on the WARC-Type field.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
The options for the command. 
\fBwarcfilter\fR
are\ :

.PP
\fB\-f\fR 
.RS 4
This option is mandatory when we use warcfilter. It is used to indicate the name of the WARC file to
filter. The option -v and -t are as described previously.

.RE
.PP
\fB\-u\fR 
.RS 4
This option is to be used if we want to apply its argument as a filter on the WARC-Target-URI fields, if
existing, of the WARC Records.

.RE
.PP
\fB\-m\fR 
.RS 4
This option is to be used if we want to apply its argument as a filter on the Content-Type fields of the
WARC Records.

.RE
.PP
\fB\-r\fR 
.RS 4
This option is to be used if we want to apply its argument as a filter on the WARC-Type fields of the
WARC Records. which represents the filter.

.RE
.PP
\fB\-v\fR 
.RS 4
This option dumps ANVL (default no).


.RE
.PP
\fB\-t\fR 
.RS 4
Temporary working directory (default ".").


.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
users@users-desktop:~$ warcfilter -f file.warc -u http: -t /tmp/
.RE
.PP
.RS 5
Use warcfilter command (usage of filter on WARC-Target-URI fields).

