.\"
.TH warcserver " 09/01/2008 "
.nh
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
warcserver \-     starts the WARC server.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 3
\fBwarcserver\fR   \fB-i \fIip \fB-p \fIport \fB-x \fIprefix [-s \fIname\fP] [-t \fIworking_dir\fP]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
A \fBwarcserver\fR
that allows to satisfy requests on WARC files contained on a specific directory. there are four kinds of requests:
.PP
   A whole WARC file transfer request.
.PP
   A lonely WARC Record transfer request.
.PP
   A filtered WARC file transfer request.
.PP
   A WARC file Records headers listing request.


.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
The options for the command. 
\fBwarcserver\fR
are\ :

.PP
\fB\-i \fR 
.RS 4
This options is mandatory,this option specifies the listening IP address. When its value is 0.0.0.0 you can listen from any IP
address.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-p \fR 
.RS 4
This options is mandatory,this option allows to define the listening port. In Unix systems we must have the permissions to listen
port bellow 1024.

.RE
.PP
\fB\-x \fR 
.RS 4
This options is mandatory,this option allows to define directory where WARC files are stored. The server will look for the
WARC files required by the clients in this directory.
 

.RE
.PP
\fB\-t\fR 
.RS 4
This option is optional, it allows to specify working directory.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-s\fR 
.RS 4
This option is optional, it is used to define a name for the server. If you do not use this option the server
name by default is "iipc".

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
users@users-desktop:~$ warcserver -i 0.0.0.0 -p 8080 -x /home/warcfile \
                                -t /tmp/ -s warc_server

.RE
.PP
.RS 5
Use  the warcserver command.
